# OpenAI API Quickstart - Node.js example app

This is an example pet name generator app used in the OpenAI API [quickstart tutorial](https://beta.openai.com/docs/quickstart). It uses the [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) framework with [React](https://reactjs.org/). Check out the tutorial or follow the instructions below to get set up.

## Setup

1. If you don’t have Node.js installed, [install it from here](https://nodejs.org/en/) (Node.js version >= 14.6.0 required)

2. Clone this repository

3. Navigate into the project directory

   ```bash
   $ cd openai-quickstart-node
   ```

4. Install the requirements

   ```bash
   $ npm install
   ```

5. Make a copy of the example environment variables file

   On Linux systems: 
   ```bash
   $ cp .env.example .env
   ```
   On Windows:
   ```powershell
   $ copy .env.example .env
   ```
6. Add your [API key](https://beta.openai.com/account/api-keys) to the newly created `.env` file

7. Run the app

   ```bash
   $ npm run dev
   ```

You should now be able to access the app at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)! For the full context behind this example app, check out the [tutorial](https://beta.openai.com/docs/quickstart).





"Being among the frontrunners in all markets, increasing margin, and continuing to grow significantly: at a meeting of the company’s senior executives, Bosch chairman Stefan Hartung formulated ambitious objectives. “As a leading technology company, we want to be the ones who shape the market,” the chairman of the board of management said at the Top Executives Opening (TEO). Achieving this, he went on, means it is vital that Bosch be among the frontrunners in global competition. “In all our markets, we have to be among the top three.” In an environment that remains extremely challenging, he argued that what is needed most to achieve this is a winner’s attitude – true to the spirit of “Win #LikeABosch.”  With its “Lead, Work, Win #LikeABosch” initiative, the board of management wants to give an even clearer direction to the change in corporate culture. More specifically, it wants to do so by leading better, collaborating more closely, and becoming more ambitious. For Hartung, the past business year impressively demonstrated what such an attitude can achieve. “Despite many challenges and crises, we did well in 2022,” he said. Together with the rest of the board of management, he thanked the 500 senior executives as well as the Bosch workforce worldwide.   In an environment that remains extremely challenging, Bosch chairman Stefan Hartung is focusing on a winner’s attitude – true to the spirit of “Win #LikeABosch.” According to preliminary figures, sales rose last year to 88.4 billion euros – and thus by some 12 percent year on year. Adjusted for exchange-rate effects, the increase was roughly 10 percent. EBIT (earnings before interest and taxes) from operations reached approximately 3.7 billion euros. The EBIT margin from operations is thus expected to be approximately 4 percent. “In times like these, that is quite some achievement,” Hartung said. At the same time, he added, Bosch has set more ambitious targets for the future.  Continue to gain ground “We still have quite a lot of ground to cover before we achieve our target margin of 7 percent in 2024,” said the CFO Markus Forschner. The target for the current year is at least 5 percent. “In addition, we are by no means satisfied with the development of free cash flow in 2022, which is strongly negative,” Forschner said. Free cash flow (FCF) is an indicator of how much cash a company has generated from its business operations.   CFO Markus Forschner: “We still have quite a lot of ground to cover before we achieve our target margin of 7 percent in 2024.” “We need a sufficiently high level of free cash flow. Only then will we be in a position to finance external growth,” the CFO said. In the future, one-third of the company’s growth is to be generated externally – by things such as acquisitions, in other words. In the current year, the aim is for free cash flow to come to 1 percent of sales. But in the medium term, Forschner went on, the FCF-to-sales ratio has to be more than 4 percent. And in the long term, the target is a double-digit EBIT margin.  Growth in regions and business sectors “In addition, we have to grow faster in regions where we are currently under-represented,” Stefan Hartung said. “That applies especially to North America, ASEAN, and India.” Apart from the core business, he continued, it is also important to grow in adjacent and completely new business fields. “We have already identified overarching, high-potential strategic growth areas,” he said. He explained that there are six such areas at present: semiconductors, hydrogen, factory automation, HVAC, outdoor and construction, and medical technology.   “Developing Bosch’s long-term strategy is our joint leadership task”, says Christian Fischer, deputy chairman of the board of management. For Christian Fischer, the deputy chairman of the board of management, “Developing Bosch’s long-term strategy is our joint leadership task. Faster growth and a higher margin are indispensable for achieving our objectives and remaining successful.”  In Stefan Hartung’s view, “We have already done the groundwork for a successful future.” Apart from the new Mobility Company, he referred to the increasing pace of digitalization and of climate action, to the company’s global footprint, and, above all, to the more than 420,000 associates worldwide. But even here, he cautioned how important it is for the company and its associates not to rest on their laurels, but instead to aim for ever greater things.  Bosch Mobility Company Hartung stressed that developing Bosch includes overarching activities for the group as a whole as well as for the business sectors. These also include the new Mobility Company. “Especially in the mobility field, customer requirements are changing ever faster, and we have to serve them even faster – with customized technologies and solutions from a single source,” said Markus Heyn, the chairman of the Mobility Solutions business sector. “Our aim is to further expand our position as the go-to partner for systems, hardware, and software in the automotive sector.”   Markus Heyn, the chairman of the Mobility Solutions business sector: “We have to serve customer requirements even faster.” He explained that Bosch also wants to be a leading supplier of technologies for the entire mobility lifecycle – from the parts used to make a car to continuous improvements through software updates and new digital solutions for the world’s roads. For Heyn, it is clear that: “We will achieve this with a strategy and an organization with which we provide the best possible responses to market and technology trends.”  Promote diverse talent For Filiz Albrecht, the director of industrial relations, diverse teams with people from different generations, cultures, and genders are not only an enrichment, but also the basis for the company’s success. “Diversity is a booster for innovation.” At the same time, she admitted, Bosch can improve its efforts to recruit the right people. “We have to work harder to attract and retain the talent we need,” Albrecht said. “In this context, I think it’s important that all executives see themselves as magnets for talent. It’s also important that executives create a positive environment in which people can give their best.”  Instead, she said, good leadership and collaboration persuade people to stay with a company and deliver good results. She appealed to senior executives to listen to their associates, to give them feedback that is positive and constructive, and to occasionally let their teams shine. This is, she said, true to the spirit of “Lead #LikeABosch” and “Work #LikeABosch.”   CDO Tanja Rückert says that there is a further potential for digitize internal processes and align them more flexibly with new digital business models. Further encouraging digital business “We can only achieve our joint long-term aim of being in the top three in all our markets if we make further progress with digitalization at Bosch,” said the CDO Tanja Rückert. She still sees potential for digitalizing internal processes and, in this way, for reacting more flexibly to new digital business models. To grow in new, digital areas of business as well, Bosch has to retain its talented people and recruit new ones, Rückert said. In this context, she argued that agile working methods and digital work environments are just as important as empowering associates and a profound understanding of how to manage digital business. Bosch has to develop here, she added, as well as offer the right IT and software solutions to its internal customers and in this way further foster scalable digital business. “We want to give Bosch as a whole a digital upgrade,” she said. “Our digitalization strategy focuses on five areas.”  “As a leading technology company, we want to be the ones who shape the market.”  Stefan Hartung Apart from the aim of amazing customers, this also includes unlocking the company’s full business potential through software and service-based solutions. Partnerships with third-party companies are also essential here, she added. “We want to make Bosch and its processes faster and leaner,” Rückert said, “and we want to be an attractive employer – today and for the talent of the future.” She called for business processes to be digitalized even faster, and for more energy to be devoted to the development and sale of digital solutions.   “Diversity is a booster for innovation.” Filiz Albrecht, director of industrial relations, emphasized how important diverse teams are for the company's success. New requirements with respect to sustainability The subject of sustainability remains in focus. Last year, the board of management set up the “RB Corporate Sustainability Board.” Chaired by Stefan Hartung and Filiz Albrecht, its task is to steer activities and strategies. “There is hardly any other subject that is so dynamic and volatile,” Filiz Albrecht said. Not least, there is a constant stream of new requirements from policymakers, customers, and banks. “Things that were once seen as ‘nice to have’ have now become absolute ‘must-haves’ – economic factors that are decisive for our company’s future success.” Turning to the senior executives, she formulated concrete expectations: “I want you to continue developing promising new areas such as hydrogen, electromobility, heat pumps, and energy-efficient home appliances, and to systematically take the transformation of our product portfolio forward.” As she pointed out, green products also offer huge opportunities for profitable growth.  “Lead, Work, Win #LikeABosch” In turbulent times, it is all the more important to have a common understanding of the way ahead, Hartung said. “How do we want to work together? And how can we be not just successful in this, but also the best?” These are, he said, the main questions informing “Lead, Work, Win #LikeABosch.” Lead. work, win: three words that sum up what is now important at Bosch in order to rise to the challenges that lie ahead. “Lead, work, win” is intended to inspire teams around the world, to help them work together even better, and in this way to do business even more successfully, Hartung said. Above all, he added, the task now is to accelerate growth, improve performance, and take the company strongly forward.  “We have unrivalled opportunities for growth. And we have people that love their work.”  Stefan Hartung “We have every reason to be optimistic,” Hartung said. “We have unrivalled opportunities for growth. And we have people that love their work. But not just that. All of us are a strong leadership team that can point the way forward.” His appeal to executives: “Lead positively, do great work in your teams, and take joy and pleasure in winning!” Anyone who takes these principles to heart can only win, he said."